First, all these laid out ekranki
Batman vs. Superman teaser trailer
Now the day has come when Zack Snider
decided to post it officially i want
to draw your attention to some things
which can be overlooked is also possible
there will be spoilers but they are built only on
guessing
in the beginning we see the superman statue on
background which people share in opinions
someone afraid someone finds him
no matter his savior
parents were right he will maybe
This Lex has set people on him by the way.
that's what this decoration was for
further it is ben afflek in the image of bruce
wayne looks at the costume and regrets that
removed nipples
also we hear a voice that speaks of
him that this time he is powerless and he is from
this in anger further we were shown how
people are drawn to the superman and different
locations in which he visited for example
this is superman saved by russian space
ship
probably something hit him and we will see
a scene like a plane rescue soldiers
with the emblem of superman that reminded me of
comics injustice gods among us
where he had an army of soldiers what
patrolled the city maybe it's just
someone's nightmare and finally ben
affleck in a suit that no no here he
looks oh so nice on a suit you
You can also see the press further to us.
show batman who is somewhere
climbed the top of some building and
what is it what does he hold it really
sniper rifle is already in
comic book the return of the dark knight but
so did not kill anyone then I saw
the next one is on a flying jett or is it
his batmobile can transform
no matter here he shoots people
after that hardly anyone at all
can survive and the question really is
in this film adaptation batman killer
will batman try to kill the joker at
first opportunity
although perhaps it is not at all batman zara
at the end we see batman in armored
modified voice suit armor
looks like it means he's already
used it earlier
do you think batman hits
superman both scriptonite
Answers write in the comments join
group vkontakte see other vidosy
good luck with that